# Privacy Policy for Picnic Panic

AetherApps built the Picnic Panic app as a Free-to-Play app. This SERVICE is provided by AetherApps at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we do not collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

## Information Collection and Use

We do not collect any personally identifiable information, or any data at all, from users of our app.

## Log Data

We do not log any data whatsoever.

## Cookies

We do not use cookies.

## Service Providers

We do not employ third-party companies and individuals due to the lack of data we collect.

## Security

We value your trust in providing us with your data, but since we don’t collect any, there’s nothing to secure.

## Links to Other Sites

Our Service does not contain links to other sites.

## Children’s Privacy

Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at support@aetherapps.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by AetherApps.
